Add shared logger interface example to TypeScript logging section (#1900)
temporalio/documentation: docs/application-development/observability.md

- **Limited arguments types**: The remaining Sink function arguments are copied between the sandbox and the Node.js environment using the [structured clone algorithm](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Structured_clone_algorithm).
- **No return value**: To prevent breaking determinism, Sink functions cannot return values to the Workflow.

**Shared logger interface**

> Instead of explicitly calling `proxySinks()` to create a logger sink in your Workflow, you can also create a `sharedLogger.ts` file that handles calling `proxySinks()` for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to call the same logger in your Workflow and Activity code, then you can only use `proxySinks()` if the code is running in Workflow context:
```
